Handle KeyboardInterrupt during training (#2134)
PyTorchLightning/pytorch-lightning: CHANGELOG.md

### Added

> - Added handling KeyboardInterrupt during training ([#2134](https://github.com/PyTorchLightning/pytorch-lightning/pull/2134))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added a callback method `on_interrupt` for handling KeyboardInterrupt events ([#2134](https://github.com/PyTorchLightning/pytorch-lightning/pull/2134))
```
the message was misleading, since we already handle KeyboardInterrupt and perform graceful shutdown.
